Reorganize the Canonical Built-ins section. (#407)
WebAssembly/component-model: design/mvp/Explainer.md

adapt *existing* functions, there are also a set of canonical "built-ins" that
define core functions out of nothing that can be imported by core modules to
dynamically interact with Canonical ABI entities like resources (and, when
async is added to the proposal, [tasks][Future and Stream Types] 🔀).

##### Resource built-ins

###### `resource.new`

| Synopsis                   |                           |
| -------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| Conceptual signature       | `func<T>(repr: ...) -> T` |
| Binary encoding immediates | `T:<typeidx>`             |

> | Canonical ABI signature    | `[repr:i32] -> [i32]`     |

Reviewer: Skimming through them, the 'Conceptual signature' row doesn't seem to add much value over the 'Canonical ABI Signature' row and sortof adds a bit of its own confusion, since it has '...' and its own custom syntax which one now has to extrapolate from.  Independently, I think the 'Binary encoding immediates' are a bit out of place, since if you're implementing a binary decoder and interested in this information, you're going to need to read Binary.md anyways to see where and how the immediates are embedded in the overall definition.  Thus, I think we should replace the 3-row table in each of these sub-headings with a single triple-backtick code block that contains only the Canonical ABI Signature.

Separately, I see the EBNF for `resource.new` and all the other built-ins is removed above, so I think we should introduce these productions in each of these subsections for reference.  So, combined with the above, maybe an example for `resource.new` could look like:

"""
The syntax for the `resource.new` built-in is:
```
canon ::= ...
        | (canon resource.new <typeidx> (core func <id>?))
```
the Core WebAssembly signature for this built-in defined by the Canonical ABI is:
```
[repr:i32] -> [handleidx:i32]
```
... prose describing both together ...
"""

The `resource.new` built-in creates a new resource (with resource type

> `T`) with `repr` as its representation and returning the a new
> handle pointing to this resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`T`) with `repr` as its representation and returning the index of a new handle
in a per-resource-type-per-component-instance table that points to a resource
that contains `repr`.
```
